Welcome to FusionPBX

You have already untared the Fusion_install.tgz file (or you would not be reading this.)

This program will install FusionPBX, Freeswitch, Apache2/nginx, postgresql.
These programs will result in a functional Phone Switch.

We recommend using the following:

RECOMMENDATIONS:

We recommend:
OS			Debian 8
Web server		nginx
Data Base Server	Postgresql 9.4
Freeswitch		Packages

The install script will let you select the last three.

INSTALL:

Start by installing vim and python3
Vim will make editing files easier.
Python3 is required for the install scripts.

type apt-get install vim python3

Now you may enter ./install.py
Follow the prompts.
Please read the prompts as some of the instructions may have changed.
An install from packages will take approximately 10 minutes on a reasonably fast system.
An install from source will take approximately 45 minutes on the same quality of system.

As the install finishes up you have some work to do.
If you are using Apache2 you will need to enter information for the temporary ssl certificate.
Finally you need to complete the installation via the web interface.
A link will be shown, you may right click this to open it in a browser.
If the right click does not work copy and paste the URL into your browser.
Note: you will need to accept an exception for the SSL Certificate.
This is ok to do. We recommend you install a public verified Certificate later.

The parameters you entered are shown again. This is to assist you in filling out
the web pages during this part of the installation.

The choice between packages and source is yours, they both install the same system.


POST INSTALL:
FusionPBX Post Installation Instructions

1. Open FusionPBX in a browser.
2. Advanced -> Upgrade
3. Click on App Defaults.
4. Click on Execute Button.
5. Status -> SIP Status
6. Click start button for:
   Sofia Status Profile External
   Sofia status profile internal
 Also start the ipv6 options if you use ipv6
 
To enable HTTP provisioning: (Polycom, Yealink and other phones)
Advanced -> Default Settings
Enter Provision in the search box
Enter the http_auth_password and http_auth_username (click the edit button)
Enable both of these and the enabled entry
You can do this by clicking on the False status for each (they will change to True)
Now you can set up your extensions and devices.
